# quickstart
A  tool to help pull in templates from upstream repositories

* `quickstart add nsheaps/editorconfig nsheaps/node@branch nsheaps/eslint@v1.2 gitlab.com/nsheaps/qs-semantic-release` - looks for github.com/nsheaps/quickstart-editorconfig, updates line in quickstart.lock with the latest sha of the default branch, the repo remote url. Then adds the remote as quickstart-editorconfig, and performs a git merge of the remote default branch. `--write-only` pulls the changes without updating the lockfile. ignores pulling in upstream quickstart.lock file or gitignore files. Use another repo to combine multiple quickstarts into one (eg node + node-docker + express-http).
  * if conflicts are found, they must be resolved by hand, so try to keep quickstarts' files independent of each other
  * quickstarts rely heavily on git and how it works with regards to applying patches. With appropriate bounding comments you can use quickstarts from multiple repos on the same file
* `quickstart remove nsheaps/editorconfig` removes the references from quickstart.lock. does not remove any modifications from previously applied quickstarts
* `quickstart update [nsheaps/editorconfig] [...]` iterates through the lock file and compares the shas, if they differ it pulls the remote into this repo with a merge. if the lockfile reference is semverish (eg matching `/v?\d+(.\d+){0,2})/`, it will attempt to update the ref to the latest semverish but won't go beyond. If you use renovate, you can use a ci script on its branches to rerun `quickstart` when those change (update only looks for the commit sha to change)
